Hello, how are you guys and girls from Youtube?
that's adapt this is the crepe and pasta
of bar death I hope you like it
and enjoy it, let's start with this
they know how the fox has a way
strange to tell the chapters of the
simpson do not count some doing that
the number of episodes is inconsistent
the reason for this strange fact is a
Lost episode of season 1
find details of this episode is
something difficult because nobody from the staff
who worked on the show at that time
wants to talk about it so I 've
managed to collect the lost episode
It was written entirely by Matt Groening
during the production of the first
Mata season acted strangely
he was silent he looked nervous and something
morbid to mention this to someone who
was present at those times so
regular makes the person angry
issue and forbid you mention it
amac today first of this event in a
event where david silverman was
talking to someone in the audience
he asked about the episode and silverman
he just came out of the scene
suddenly ending the
presentation the episode number
lost was 7 06 with the title of
harvard bar died episode 706
it was done afterwards and he was granted the
Harvard production code for
hide the existence of this in addition
to cause anger to ask any
staff member about the chapter the
will do everything possible to
stop talking directly with
Matt groening at a fan convention
I managed to follow him after he finished
talk to the audience and eventually
I had an opportunity to talk to him
as he left the building he did not
Anger that would probably follow him
thinking that he was another typical fan when
I mentioned the lost episode was put
pale and began to tremble when I
I asked if you could give me details
she seemed about to cry like a
piece of paper wrote something in it and
he gave it to me he begged me because never again
mention the episode again in the
piece of paper was the address of a
website will not say for reasons
narrate e in a second I entered the address
to my search engine and I went to a site
completely black except for one
yellow text line a link of
download I clicked and the file started
to get off
once I finish downloading it
computer went crazy the worst virus
who have seen restore system not
it worked the computer had to be
formatted completely before this
copy the file to a CD and try
open it on my new computer
totally clean and as I suspected
it was an episode of the simpsons the
episode started like everyone else
but with an animation quality
really poor if they have seen the
animation for your bening mind was
similar but less stable the first
part was normal but the characters
they were a little out of it homero
I saw angry marie looked depressed
Lisa looked extremely anxious and bart
he seemed to be full of anger and hatred towards
His parents
the episode was about the simpsons
going on a plane trip and almost to
end of the first part when the
plane was about 20 or 30 meters
in the air
bard broke a window of this and it was
sucked out at the beginning of the
series maintained an idea that the
animated style of the world of the simpsons
represent life and what
death will make everything more realistic that's why
this episode passed the image of the corpse
bart was barely recognizable took
total advantage that they should not cheer him up
and they drew a picture almost realistic photo
the corpse of bart the first act
ended with an image extremely
graphic of bart's corpse when
started the second act homero marge
elisa were sitting at the table of the
kitchen crying crying seemed no
end up becoming more painful and
sounding extremely realistic with a
better performance than they would believe
possible the animation started to decay
even more while they cried and you could
hear the murmurs in the background
characters seemed to be barely
were lengthening and erasing
it's like deformed shapes painted with
random bright colors there were faces
in the window watching the potatoes of 'no
over and over again so that you never
perfectly distinguish the crying
followed throughout the second act the act
3 started with a title specifying that
a year had passed homero marge elisa
they were skeletally thin
still sitting at the table there was no trace
of magic the pets decided
visit the grave of bart springfield
it was totally deserted and while
they walked through the cemetery the houses were
they came back more and more of criticisms were
abandoned when they reached the grave
Bart's body was lying in front of
his grave
looking like the end of the first
act the family began to mourn
again they eventually stopped watching
fixed the corpse of bart the camera
he focused on the homer face of
according to the summary of the homerous episode
says a joke in this part but it is not
audible in the version that I saw can not be
know what homero says the camera made a
panning when the episode was going to
finish the graves in the background had
the names of each guest star to
the simpsons in them some that nobody
he knew in 1989 some who had not
been still in the show they all had
dates of death in them for those who
they died since then
michael jackson and the george harrison
dates indicated the day they died
the credits were silent and
the final image seemed handwritten
was that of the simpson family in their
armchair but all drawn so
hyperrealistic similar to the corpse of park
it occurred to me at first after seeing
the episode that could use the tombs
to predict the death of all
stars invited to the simpsons that
they were still alive but there is something very strange
with respect to those who have not died all
their deaths are located in the same
date
and well that has been the creepy pasta of
today I hope you liked it if you
I would like one to go up only with
what's down here in the comments and what
I will take into account for a next video
remember to like this video if
you liked subscribe for more videos
and share it so you help me to continue
making more videos for you if you have
free time here I leave you more videos
also down here in the information of the
video I leave my social networks for
that you follow me subscribe also to me
another channel that is from movies if you
like here is appearing in the
screen in case you want to go see it up
the next bye